Cutting meat and dairy products from your diet could reduce an individual's carbon footprint from food by two-thirds, according to the Oxford 
Climate change: Four things you can do about your carbon footprint · 1. Insulate your home · 2. Cut out food waste and cut down on red meat
BBC Reality Check's Chris Morris explains how changing three aspects of how you live can make the biggest dent to your carbon footprint.
All the latest content about Carbon footprint from the BBC.
Carbon emissions are rebounding strongly and are rising across the world's 20 richest nations, according to a new study.
All the latest content about Carbon footprint from the BBC  Carbon footprint. Jersey flight routes changes aim to reduce carbon emissions.
What are aviation emissions? Flights produce greenhouse gases - mainly carbon dioxide (CO2) - from burning fuel. These contribute to global 
Says carbon emissions will peak before 2030 · Aiming for 25% of energy from non-fossil fuels by 2030 · Promises to be carbon neutral before 2060.
A report lists some of the best ways people can tackle their own contribution to climate change.
Businesses are discovering tweaks that can dramatically reduce the environmental impact of their websites.
But in the past year Ms Annabi has decided to take her environmental mission to the next level by tracking her carbon emissions. Using an app 
A new study shows that coffee capsules are not as harmful to the environment as once thought.
Major corporations like Apple and Disney will be forced to disclose their carbon emissions under a new Californian law approved on Monday.
Cement is the source of about 8% of the world's carbon dioxide emissions. How can this be changed?
This refers to the total amount of greenhouse gases released into the atmosphere as a result of the activities of a business. It can be reduced 
But such requests are increasingly mainstream and point to the growing awareness in the film and TV industry of its carbon dioxide emissions. In 
How do you sign 'carbon footprint' in BSL?
Climate activists explain how individuals can help reduce their carbon emissions.
The country is currently running 1,058 coal plants - more than half the world's capacity. How China's carbon emissions have grown. National 
A project in Cornwall is helping farmers improve their impact on the environment by reducing their carbon footprints.
Previous research indicated that seafood has a smaller carbon footprint than other animal proteins, because fishing doesn't require farmland or 
The technology giant has also pledged to be using only carbon-free energy by 2030.
Net zero refers to the reduction of carbon emissions as much as possible, so that any remaining emissions are balanced out by absorbing an 
Aviation contributes to climate change, but there are ways to reduce your flight's impact on the planet.
emissions. By some estimates, the international shipping industry produces as much carbon dioxide (CO2) as Germany.  emissions, according to 
Recent figures suggest that live music generates 405,000 tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions in the UK every year. Carbon footprint of a tour.
Data from the International Energy Agency suggests that growth in global carbon emissions stalled last year - the first time this has 
Many people with asthma could cut their carbon footprint and help save the environment by switching to "greener" medications, UK researchers say 
"The carbon footprint of owning pets such as dogs and cats has been previously calculated, but we have provided the first estimates of 
That's because the world's biggest search engine has taken a key driver of global warming out of its online carbon flight calculator. "Google 
Coca-Cola hopes to cut its carbon footprint with fossil-free plastic trial at Swansea University.
Net Zero means cutting greenhouse gas emissions - like carbon and methane - to as close to zero as possible, with any remaining emissions re- 
D﻿eparture and arrival routes to Jersey airport will change to reduce carbon emissions. P﻿orts of Jersey Air Navigation said it was part of 
France has banned domestic short-haul flights where train alternatives exist, in a bid to cut carbon emissions. The law came into force two 
The carbon footprint includes the distance at which ingredients travelled, seasonality of ingredients and emissions during production.
Organisers promised a sustainable World Cup, but daily shuttle flights are generating huge CO2 emissions.
It says that reducing the fashion industry's carbon footprint "is key to limiting [global] warming". Make clothes more sustainably. Several 
Work has begun to make the Isle of Man TT carbon neutral by offsetting the carbon emissions it produces, the government has said.
What is the carbon footprint of private jet travel? Flights produce greenhouse gases - mainly carbon dioxide (CO2) - from burning fuel.
But a fall in emissions intensity does not necessarily mean a reduction in overall emissions. How India's carbon emissions have grown.
Global carbon dioxide emissions are set to rebound to near the levels they were at before Covid, in a finding that has surprised scientists.
So what are people in the public eye in Wales doing differently in their private lives to reduce their carbon footprint? Tell us what you 
"Net zero involves reducing your carbon footprint by 90% and then  Carbon offsetting schemes try to balance emissions by finding other ways to 
 carbon footprint offshore, says Prof Margaret Gill, from University of Aberdeen. How do you measure emissions from meat? Measuring and 
The PM says he listens to his daughters' concerns about climate change but they are not "eco-zealots".
Analysis, seen by the BBC, shows that the production and transport of LNG causes up to ten times the carbon emissions compared to pipeline gas.
Big meat eaters' diets result in almost twice the carbon emissions per day of those who eat small amounts of meat  What's your diet's carbon 
TV adventurer Simon Reeve has admitted he sometimes feels like a "hypocrite" over the carbon footprint his travel documentaries leave behind.
The work by Scotland's Rural College could help find solutions to reducing the animals' carbon footprint.
Carbon emissions in the Amazon region in 2019 and 2020 more than doubled compared to the average of the previous eight years, according to a 
West of England Metro Mayor Dan Norris warned extreme heat this summer showed the need for "much more action" on cutting carbon emissions.
India is the world's fourth biggest emitter of carbon dioxide after China, the US and the EU.  carbon emissions by one billion tonnes. REALITY 
The firms analysed account for 5% of global greenhouse-gas emissions, the report says - which means although they have a huge carbon footprint, 
 carbon emissions? Recycling. Renewable energy. 2. Another way to reduce  Which would reduce your carbon footprint more: using public 
Five food retailers say they will cut carbon emissions, deforestation, food waste and packaging by 2030.
Dairy farmers are urged to cut carbon emissions, which account for 3.4% of global greenhouse gases.
 carbon emissions completely. About 40 bodies in south Wales want to reach net zero by 2040 and lower Wales' CO2 emissions by 40%. The South 
Carbon dioxide · Cutting methane gas 'crucial for climate fight' · How can you reduce your carbon footprint? · Carbon zero push "for me and my kids" Video, 00:00: 
The carbon footprint of the wealthiest will grow but that of the poorest will stay small, a study says.
It added that carbon dioxide emissions from Southampton's 44 cruise ships rose 14% over three years to 32 tonnes in 2022. The port had 
 carbon emissions by 78% by 2035, the UK government has announced. Hitting the targets would require more electric cars, low-carbon heating 
Rali Ceredigion says it will fully offset the carbon emissions of all competing vehicles.
Industrial sites in Staffordshire, Cheshire and Derbyshire are aiming to set up a network of pipes to collect carbon dioxide emissions and pump 
A council has developed a scheme aimed at encouraging contractors to report carbon emissions while carrying out roadworks.
Carbon dioxide emissions from plug-in hybrid cars are as much as two-and-a-half times higher than official tests suggest, according to new 
The next Ice Age is due within 1500 years, researchers calculate - but greenhouse gas emissions mean it will not happen then.
To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser. RIBA Architects say building demolitions cause of carbon emissions. Close.
Greenhouse gas emissions from shale gas are predominantly down to two things: carbon dioxide produced when the gas is burned, and methane that 
The government must set a specific target for restricting carbon emissions from power generation, businesses urge in an open letter.
The High Ambition Coalition was backed by 17 world leaders in its call for swifter cuts to carbon emissions. The UK, a founding member of 
All proceeds from the show will be donated to an environmental charity. Carbon footprint of a tour. . .
A collapse in the use of coal has driven UK carbon emissions down to levels barely seen since the Victorian era, new figures show.
For the past two years, Nikhil Arora has been working hard to cut his organic gardening company's carbon footprint, taking small steps, 
It is part of a global effort to tackle climate change by cutting atmospheric pollution, especially carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. The Paris 
Policy changes needed. Mr Agnew said RenewableNI members had enough projects in development to achieve a zero carbon electricity system by 2035.
Claims made by Ryanair about its carbon emissions have been banned by the UK's advertising watchdog. Europe's biggest airline by passenger 
The app uses a calculator to determine the carbon emissions for a journey and the cost to offset it.
 emissions, up to 49 millions tons of carbon dioxide. Ukraine says that Russia must bear responsibility for these emissions. Since the start 
Australian Prime Minister Anthony Albanese has announced more ambitious climate targets for his country. · He has pledged to cut carbon emissions 
Moving the clocks forward an hour would save hundreds of thousands of tonnes of carbon dioxide each year, campaigners say.
The global shipping industry wants governments to tax their carbon emissions as they try to tackle climate change.
A Dorset folk duo have created an area of woodland to offset the carbon footprint of their tours.
Mr Quayle recently declared a climate emergency and committed the island to a target of net zero carbon emissions by 2050, which is in 
The think tank Carbon Tracker said that oil and gas firms are basing their emissions goals on either selling polluting assets or on unproven or 
Tesco has started using battery-powered delivery lorries in what it said was a UK supermarket first in a bid to reduce its carbon footprint.
Countries have agreed to limit carbon from shipping by 2050 but green groups say the pact is flawed  emissions to net-zero "by or around" 2050.
Making electricity is the single biggest contributor to global warming, responsible for over a third of energy-related carbon emissions in 2021.
There are plans to use solar energy and a heat pump system at a leisure centre to reduce carbon emissions. An air source heat pump is to be 
Northern Ireland has been advised to cut its carbon emissions by at least 82% by 2050 to help the UK achieve its net zero ambition.
ICAO previously promised carbon neutral aviation growth in the 2020s, and planned to align the ambitions of airlines with the Paris agreement 
Emissions of carbon monoxide, mainly due to cars and trucks, have fallen by around 50% for a couple of days this week according to 
Drivers shunning diesel cars are partly to blame for a rise in carbon dioxide emissions from new vehicles, the car industry trade body says.
The UK has been successful in cutting carbon emissions from electricity generation so far.  What's your diet's carbon footprint?
So if you are worried about your carbon footprint you are much better off eating chicken than beef. And, perhaps uncomfortably for some, the 
As more of us worry about our carbon emissions, how can you offset your air travel?
What is the carbon footprint of private jet travel? Flights produce  carbon emissions from these flights are also offset." The Energy and 
Eleven Scottish sites are among 18 projects to receive UK government funds to help them decarbonise.
E-fuels are argued to be carbon neutral because they use captured CO2 emissions to balance out the CO2 released when the fuel is combusted in an 
However, carbon emissions from council buildings has gone up recently as staff resumed working in offices. It comes after a climate emergency 
Wind and solar power are booming in China and may help limit global carbon emissions far faster than expected, according to a new study.
